---
full_title: "Think like a Stoic: Ancient Wisdom for Today\u2019s World"
subtitle: "Ancient Wisdom for Today\u2019s World"
title: Think like a Stoic
topics:
- Ethics & Morality
- Greek & Roman
- Philosophy
date_published: '2021-03-26'
authors:
- Massimo Pigliucci
- The Great Courses
publisher: The Great Courses
format: Audiobook
language: English
source: Audible
cover:
  filename: 1644650649.jpg
  link: https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41LAmp-4dFL._SL500_.jpg
length: PT11H10M
type: full_content
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/1644650649
date: '2021-12-08'
asin: '1644650649'
rating:
  rating: 4.699159663865546
  count: 595
narrators:
- Professor Massimo Pigliucci
listening_summary:
  sample:
    start: '2021-12-08'
    end: '2021-12-15'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 10.03
  full content:
    start: '2021-12-15'
    end: '2022-01-08'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 692.97
tags:
- humanities.philosophy
- meta.format.lecture
---
Distilled to its essence, the ancient Greco-Roman philosophy known as Stoicism is a philosophy of personal betterment. Professor Pigliucci, who knows firsthand just how transformative a Stoic approach to life can be, has designed these 25 lessons as an enlightening introduction to the basics of Stoic philosophy and ways to incorporate its lessons into your own life.

For example, the Stoic understanding of ethics was far broader than the study of right and wrong, encompassing questions concerning one’s goals and one’s relationship to other people. Also, the Stoics felt that logic was another requirement of a well-lived life, because good thinking helps protect us from living according to nonsensical notions.

Throughout the course, you’ll investigate what these great philosophers’ words and deeds can teach us about living life in the 21st century. What does Seneca tell us about managing our time in the best way possible? Why did Epictetus suggest to debate patiently with disagreeable people? Can Marcus Aurelius’ philosophy of being mindful of the labels we give ourselves help make the world a better place?

This course includes plenty of exercises you can use to retrain your mind to take on a more Stoic view of your life and the world around you. Yes, you’ll come away with an incredible wealth of knowledge about the history and principles of one of the most enduring philosophies of life - but you’ll also be on your way to a more meaningful life for yourself.

PLEASE NOTE: When you purchase this title, the accompanying PDF will be available in your Audible Library along with the audio.


