---
full_title: 'Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, Jags, and Stan'
subtitle: A Tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan
title: 'Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, Jags, and Stan'
topics:
- Applied Mathematics
date_published: '2015-07-08'
authors:
- Kruschke John
publisher: Academic Press
format: Hardcover
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9780124058880.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '776'
type: new
link: null
date: '2015-11-20'
asin: '9780124058880'
rating: {}
order_summary:
  order_date: '2015-11-19T15:06:42Z'
  ship_date: '2015-11-20T18:09:45Z'
tags:
- engineering.computer.software.programming_languages.r
- engineering.information.data.analysis
- science.formal.statistics
---
There is an explosion of interest in Bayesian statistics, primarily because recently created computational methods have finally made Bayesian analysis obtainable to a wide audience. "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis: A Tutorial with R, JAGS, and Stan" provides an accessible approach to Bayesian data analysis, as material is explained clearly with concrete examples. The book begins with the basics, including essential concepts of probability and random sampling, and gradually progresses to advanced hierarchical modeling methods for realistic data.Included are step-by-step instructions on how to conduct Bayesian data analyses in the popular and free software R and WinBugs. This book is intended for first-year graduate students or advanced undergraduates. It provides a bridge between undergraduate training and modern Bayesian methods for data analysis, which is becoming the accepted research standard. Knowledge of algebra and basic calculus is a prerequisite.

New to this Edition (partial list): There are all new programs in JAGS and Stan. The new programs are designed to be much easier to use than the scripts in the first edition. In particular, there are now compact high-level scripts that make it easy to run the programs on your own data sets. This new programming was a major undertaking by itself.The introductory Chapter 2, regarding the basic ideas of how Bayesian inference re-allocates credibility across possibilities, is completely rewritten and greatly expanded.There are ...
