---
full_title: 'Magic and Showmanship: A Handbook for Conjurers'
subtitle: null
title: 'Magic and Showmanship: A Handbook for Conjurers'
topics:
- Conjuring & Magic
- Mind
- ' Body & Spirit'
date_published: '2000-04-13'
authors:
- Henning Nelms
publisher: Dover Publications
format: Paperback
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9780486410876.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '352'
type: new
link: null
date: '2014-11-18'
asin: '9780486410876'
rating: {}
order_summary:
  order_date: '2014-11-17T18:31:16Z'
  ship_date: '2014-11-18T09:42:52Z'
tags:
- science.social.psychology
- leisure.magic
---
Like theatrical presentations, conjuring is an art of illusion. A magician skilled in the craft is able to convince an audience that he or she can read minds, communicate with the spirit world, make objects appear or disappear, and perform other acts of seemingly genuine magic. Without having mastered the art of presentation or “showmanship,” however, even the most competent sleight-of-hand artist can fall short in performance. With this in mind, noted authority Henning Nelms goes beyond the basics to show how techniques developed for the stage by playwrights, directors, and actors can heighten the dramatic effect of a magician’s performance.

In this instructive book, Helms analyzes every phase of conjuring — from sleights, devices, and illusions to misdirection, controlling the audience’s attention, incorporating “patter,” and the effective use of assistants. Of particular interest is a chapter on body language, posture, positioning and movement. Also included are some 60 original routines — from simple card tricks to such major illusions as having the performer suddenly appear at stage center.

Indispensable as an instruction manual for novices, this how-to guide — enhanced with nearly 200 of the author’s illustrations — will also serve as a lasting source of advice and inspiration for veteran conjurers.
