---
full_title: Relentless
subtitle: Lee Sedol Vs Gu Li
title: Relentless
topics:
- ''
date_published: '2015-09-01'
authors:
- Younggil. Ormerod Law Commissioner For Criminal Law And Evidence And Professor Of.
  An
- Professor Law Commissioner for Criminal Law and Evidence and of Criminal Justice
  at Queen Mary University of London David Ormerod
publisher: Go Game Guru
format: Paperback
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9780981912189.jpg
  media_type: data:image/false;base64
length: '626'
type: null
link: null
date: null
asin: '9780981912189'
rating: {}
order_summary: null
tags:
- leisure.games.go
---
This book contains analysis of 48 games between two of the top Go players of the early 21st century, but it is not just another book of game commentaries. It is the story of the rivalry and friendship between Lee Sedol and Gu Li, their relentless struggle to become the best, and an explication of the secrets of Go hidden within their games. There are two parts to Relentless. Part One is the core of the book and examines, in unprecedented detail, the 10 game match (jubango) played by Lee Sedol and Gu Li throughout 2014. Part Two reviews every other official game between the two masters (up until the end of 2015), providing the reader with ample material to review and enjoy, while reflecting on what they learned in Part One. Rather than just saying what happened, we use the match as the basis for an extensive study of the fundamental techniques, strategies and principles of Go--all applied within the context of real games, so that the reader can see how ideas and techniques are employed in practice. Go is an art form, and like other arts, studying the work of masters contributes greatly to one's appreciation, enjoyment and gradual mastery of the craft. When you study a piece of music, the goal is rarely (if ever) just to be able to play it. Rather, a deep study of a piece is intended to convey a visceral understanding of the technique and theory embodied within it, in a way that a book about theory never could. Relentless strives to offer that same experience to Go players. ...
