---
full_title: 'Three Stones Make a Wall: The Story of Archaeology'
subtitle: The Story of Archaeology
title: 'Three Stones Make a Wall:'
topics:
- General & World History
- 'Ancient History: To C 500 CE'
- Classical History / Classical Civilisation
date_published: '2017-03-07'
authors:
- Eric H. Cline
publisher: Princeton University Press
format: Hardcover
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9780691166407.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '448'
type: null
link: null
date: null
asin: '9780691166407'
rating: {}
order_summary: null
tags:
- humanities.history
- science.social.archaeology
---
From the bestselling author of 1177 B.C., a comprehensive history of archaeology--from its amateur beginnings to the cutting-edge science it is today.

In 1922, Howard Carter peered into Tutankhamun's tomb for the first time, the only light coming from the candle in his outstretched hand. Urged to tell what he was seeing through the small opening he had cut in the door to the tomb, the Egyptologist famously replied, "I see wonderful things." Carter's fabulous discovery is just one of the many spellbinding stories told in Three Stones Make a Wall.

Written by Eric Cline, an archaeologist with more than thirty seasons of excavation experience, Three Stones Make a Wall traces the history of archaeology from an amateur pursuit to the cutting-edge science it is today by taking the reader on a tour of major archaeological sites and discoveries, from Pompeii to Petra, Troy to the Terracotta Warriors, and Mycenae to Megiddo and Masada. Cline brings to life the personalities behind these digs, including Heinrich Schliemann, the former businessman who excavated Troy, and Mary Leakey, whose discoveries advanced our understanding of human origins. The discovery of the peoples and civilizations of the past is presented in vivid detail, from the Hittites and Minoans to the Inca, Aztec, and Moche. Along the way, the book addresses the questions archaeologists are asked most often: How do you know where to dig? How are excavations actually done? How do you know how old something is? Who g...
