---
full_title: 'Universal Methods of Design Expanded and Revised: 125 Ways to Research
  Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design Effective Solutions'
subtitle: 125 Ways to Research Complex Problems, Develop Innovative Ideas, and Design
  Effective Solutions
title: 'Universal Methods of Design Expanded and Revised:'
topics:
- Industrial / Commercial Art & Design
- Graphic Design
- Product Design
date_published: '2019-12-03'
authors:
- Bruce Hanington
- Bella Martin
publisher: Rockport Publishers
format: Paperback
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9781631597480.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '264'
type: new
link: null
date: '2021-06-24'
asin: '9781631597480'
rating: {}
order_summary:
  order_date: '2021-06-24T03:48:19Z'
  ship_date: '2021-06-24T22:47:16Z'
tags:
- science.social.design
- humanities.visual_arts.graphic_design
---
This expanded and revised version of the best-selling Universal Methods of Design is a comprehensive reference that provides a thorough and critical presentation of 125 research methods, synthesis/analysis techniques, and research deliverables for human-centered design.

The text and accompanying photos and graphics of this classic resource are delivered in a concise and accessible format perfect for designers, educators, and students. This new, expanded edition includes updated information on scenarios, secondary research, territory maps, and other chapters. The addition of 25 new chapters brings fresh relevance to the text with innovative design methods that have emerged since the first edition, such as backcasting, behavioral design, horizon scanning, and transition design.

​Universal Methods of Design, Expanded and Revised distills each method down to its essence, in a format that helps design teams select and implement the most credible research methods suited to their design culture. Each method is presented in a two-page format. The left-hand page contains a concise description of the method, accompanied by references to further reading. On the right-hand page, images and case studies for each method are presented visually. The relevant phases for design application are highlighted as numbered icons along the right side of the page, from phases 1 (planning, scoping, and definition) through 5 (launch and monitor).

Build more meaningful products with these methods ...
