---
full_title: 'An Introduction to Statistical Learning: With Applications in R'
subtitle: null
title: 'An Introduction to Statistical Learning: With Applications in R'
topics:
- Probability & Statistics
- Mathematical Physics
- Mathematical & Statistical Software
date_published: '2017-09-01'
authors:
- Gareth James
- Trevor Hastie
- Robert Tibshirani
publisher: Springer
format: Hardcover
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9781461471370.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '426'
type: null
link: null
date: null
asin: '9781461471370'
rating: {}
order_summary: null
tags:
- engineering.computer.software.programming_languages.r
- science.formal.mathematics.probability
- science.formal.statistics
---
An Introduction to Statistical Learning provides an accessible overview of the field of statistical learning, an essential toolset for making sense of the vast and complex data sets that have emerged in fields ranging from biology to finance to marketing to astrophysics in the past twenty years. This book presents some of the most important modeling and prediction techniques, along with relevant applications. Topics include linear regression, classification, resampling methods, shrinkage approaches, tree- based methods, support vector machines, clustering, and more. Color graphics and real-world examples are used to illustrate the methods presented. Since the goal of this textbook is to facilitate the use of these statistical learning techniques by practitioners in science, industry, and other fields, each chapter contains a tutorial on implementing the analyses and methods presented in R, an extremely popular open source statistical software platform. Two of the authors co-wrote The Elements of Statistical Learning (Hastie, Tibshirani and Friedman, 2nd edition 2009), a popular reference book for statistics and machine learning researchers. An Introduction to Statistical Learning covers many of the same topics, but at a level accessible to a much broader audience. This book is targeted at statisticians and non-statisticians alike who wish to use cutting-edge statistical learning techniques to analyze their data. The text assumes only a previous course in linear regression ...
