---
full_title: The Young Adventurer's Collection [Dungeons & Dragons 4-Book Boxed Set]
subtitle: Monsters & Creatures, Warriors & Weapons, Dungeons & Tombs, and Wizards
  & Spells
title: The Young Adventurer's Collection [Dungeons & Dragons 4-Book Boxed Set]
topics:
- Games
- Games & Activities
- Activity & Novelty Books
date_published: '2020-10-06'
authors:
- Jim Zub
- Stacy King
- Andrew Wheeler
- Official Dungeons & Dragons Licensed
publisher: Ten Speed Press
format: Boxed-Set
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9781984859549.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '448'
type: new
link: null
date: '2023-02-17'
asin: '9781984859549'
rating: {}
order_summary:
  order_date: '2023-02-17T12:16:39Z'
  ship_date: '2023-02-17T19:32:42Z'
tags:
- leisure.games.rpg
- humanities.literature.fiction.fantasy
---
Explore the worlds of Dungeons & Dragons and discover your path to adventure with these illustrated, introductory guides for new adventurers.

Immerse yourself in the fantastic world of Dungeons & Dragons! This collection introduces young fans to some of the exciting characters, locations, creatures, and magical elements useful for creating your own epic, adventure-filled D&D tales.

Monsters & Creatures shines its torchlight on the beasts that haunt, hunt, and horrify adventurers—from deep underground caverns to wild forests, rocky mountains, and the soaring skies above.

Imagine the hero you want to be with guidance from Warriors & Weapons, and equip it with the weaponry, armor, clothing, and equipment that’s essential for adventuring—whether you plan to embark on your own or take up a quest with friends.

Dungeons & Tombs illuminates the dark and foreboding corners of the most infamous locations in the worlds of D&D, with tips and tricks to help you survive the dungeons, deathtraps, and dangerous situations you’ll encounter in those places.

Explore magic in D&D with Wizards & Spells, an introduction to some of the wizards, sorcerers, and enchanted beings that you may encounter on your adventures. Learn about the magic abilities that make them special and decide if you want your own D&D character to have the power to cast spells.
