---
full_title: Outlier Analysis
subtitle: null
title: Outlier Analysis
topics:
- Pattern Recognition
date_published: '2016-12-22'
authors:
- Charu C. Aggarwal
publisher: Springer International Publishing AG
format: Hardcover
language: English
source: Bookshelf
cover:
  filename: 9783319475776.jpg
  media_type: data:image/image/jpeg;base64
length: '466'
type: new
link: null
date: '2017-03-21'
asin: '9783319475776'
rating: {}
order_summary:
  order_date: '2017-03-21T14:57:37Z'
  ship_date: '2017-03-21T20:44:22Z'
tags:
- engineering.information.data.analysis
- science.formal.mathematics.probability
- science.formal.statistics
---
This book provides comprehensive coverage of the field of outlier analysis from a computer science point of view. It integrates methods from data mining, machine learning, and statistics within the computational framework and therefore appeals to multiple communities. The chapters of this book can be organized into three categories:

Basic algorithms: Chapters 1 through 7 discuss the fundamental algorithms for outlier analysis, including probabilistic and statistical methods, linear methods, proximity-based methods, high-dimensional (subspace) methods, ensemble methods, and supervised methods.

Domain-specific methods: Chapters 8 through 12 discuss outlier detection algorithms for various domains of data, such as text, categorical data, time-series data, discrete sequence data, spatial data, and network data.

Applications: Chapter 13 is devoted to various applications of outlier analysis. Some guidance is also provided for the practitioner.The second edition of this book is more detailed and is written to appeal to both researchers and practitioners. Significant new material has been added on topics such as kernel methods, one-class support-vector machines, matrix factorization, neural networks, outlier ensembles, time-series methods, and subspace methods. It is written as a textbook and can be used for classroom teaching.
