---
full_title: 'Comebacks at Work: Using Conversation to Master Confrontation (Unabridged)'
subtitle: Using Conversation to Master Confrontation (Unabridged)
title: Comebacks at Work
topics:
- Career Success
- Communication & Social Skills
date_published: '2010-10-12'
authors:
- Kathleen Reardon
- Christopher T. Noblet
publisher: HarperAudio
format: Audiobook
language: English
source: Audible
cover:
  filename: B00466Z4JQ.jpg
  link: https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51niMXajbLL._SL500_.jpg
length: PT7H23M
type: full_content
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/B00466Z4JQ
date: '2021-06-28'
asin: B00466Z4JQ
rating:
  rating: 3.8503401360544216
  count: 147
narrators:
- Susan Ericksen
listening_summary:
  sample:
    start: '2021-06-28'
    end: '2021-06-28'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 5.01
  full content:
    start: '2021-06-28'
    end: '2021-08-03'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 354.85
tags:
- science.social.psychology
- science.social.communication
- business.communication
---
Here is the workplace guide to putting "I wish I'd said" moments in the past.

Ever wish that you could have a "do over" after a conversation at work? Do you often find yourself regretting what you've said to a coworker - or kicking yourself for not saying something better, stronger, or more precise? If so, you're like most people, and in Comebacks at Work, management professor and consultant Kathleen Kelley Reardon, Ph.D., provides the tips and tools you need to know what to say - and how to say it better - next time.

In this compelling, entertaining book, Reardon argues that we are responsible for 75 percent of the way we're treated at work, and our success - or failure - at the workplace depends largely on how we handle ourselves in conversation with our colleagues. To break free of the stale scripts and expected actions that allow politically astute people to manipulate us, we must increase our conversational awareness and effectively employ what Reardon calls "comebacks".

Comebacks at Work provides a game plan for doing so and explains:

Why some comebacks work, while others fall flat  Why our mind goes blank when we are confronted, and how to overcome that response  How to determine which comebacks work, and when to use them  Every conversation is different, and while many situations are common, one set of comebacks isn't enough. Offering a personalized repertoire of comebacks and a plan for using them strategically as well as the skills you will need to package them for maximum effect, Comebacks at Work will prepare you for any difficult conversation that comes your way.


