---
full_title: 'Writing and Civilization: From Ancient Worlds to Modernity (Unabridged)'
subtitle: From Ancient Worlds to Modernity (Unabridged)
title: Writing and Civilization
topics:
- Ancient
- World
- Ancient Writings
date_published: '2013-09-27'
authors:
- Marc Zender
- The Great Courses
publisher: The Great Courses
format: Audiobook
language: English
source: Audible
cover:
  filename: B00F52DXH0.jpg
  link: https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51A6Vqy9ejL._SL500_.jpg
length: PT12H10M
type: full_content
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/B00F52DXH0
date: '2022-05-19'
asin: B00F52DXH0
rating:
  rating: 4.4784053156146175
  count: 301
narrators:
- Marc Zender
listening_summary:
  sample:
    start: '2022-05-19'
    end: '2022-05-19'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 5.03
  full content:
    start: '2022-10-30'
    end: '2023-01-07'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 827.63
tags:
- science.social.linguistics
- meta.format.lecture
- humanities.history.ancient.writing_systems
---
At just over 5,000 years old, writing is actually a relatively recent invention. It has become so central to the way we communicate and live, however, that it often seems as if writing has always existed.

But the question remains: Who invented writing, and why?

In these 24 fascinating lectures, you'll trace the remarkable saga of the invention and evolution of "visible speech," from its earliest origins to its future in the digital age. Your guide is an accomplished professor and epigrapher who whisks you around the globe to explore how an array of sophisticated writing systems developed, then were adopted and adapted by surrounding cultures.

Along the way, you'll visit the great early civilizations of Egypt, Mesopotamia, China, Japan, and the Americas, and you'll see how deciphering ancient scripts is a little like cracking secret codes - only far more difficult.

You'll be spellbound as you hear accounts of the breathtaking moments when the decipherment of ancient scripts broke centuries of silence. And you'll marvel at fascinating objects once shrouded in mystery, including the iconic Rosetta stone.

Writing and Civilization offers the chance to not only discover the history of ancient writing systems, but also the rare opportunity to actually hear those scripts read aloud and to learn the meaning of their messages hidden in plain sight.


