---
full_title: 'How to Think Like a Roman Emperor: The Stoic Philosophy of Marcus Aurelius
  (Unabridged)'
subtitle: The Stoic Philosophy of Marcus Aurelius (Unabridged)
title: How to Think Like a Roman Emperor
topics:
- Greek & Roman
- Philosophy
- Personal Success
- Roman Philosophy
date_published: '2019-04-02'
authors:
- Donald J. Robertson
publisher: Macmillan Audio
format: Audiobook
language: English
source: Audible
cover:
  filename: B07FB135GG.jpg
  link: https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/41Gtn2IKSDL._SL500_.jpg
length: PT8H30M
type: full_content
link: https://www.audible.com/pd/B07FB135GG
date: '2022-01-04'
asin: B07FB135GG
rating:
  rating: 4.812701562887621
  count: 4031
narrators:
- Donald J. Robertson
listening_summary:
  sample:
    start: '2022-01-04'
    end: '2022-01-09'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 7.09
  full content:
    start: '2022-01-09'
    end: '2022-01-20'
    timezone: America/New_York
    location: New York
    minutes: 504.98
tags:
- humanities.philosophy
- self_development
---
The life-changing principles of Stoicism taught through the story of its most famous proponent.

Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius was the final famous Stoic philosopher of the ancient world. The Meditations, his personal journal, survives to this day as one of the most loved self-help and spiritual classics of all time. In How to Think Like a Roman Emperor, psychotherapist Donald Robertson weaves stories of Marcus’ life from the Roman histories together with explanations of Stoicism - its philosophy and its psychology - to enlighten today’s listeners. He discusses Stoic techniques for coping with everyday problems, from irrational fears and bad habits to anger, pain, and illness.

How to Think Like a Roman Emperor takes listeners on a transformative journey along with Marcus, following his progress from a young noble at the court of Hadrian - taken under the wing of some of the finest philosophers of his day - through to his reign as emperor of Rome at the height of its power. Robertson shows how Marcus used philosophical doctrines and therapeutic practices to build emotional resilience and endure tremendous adversity, and guides listeners through applying the same methods to their own lives.

Combining remarkable stories from Marcus’s life with insights from modern psychology and the enduring wisdom of his philosophy, How to Think Like a Roman Emperor puts a human face on Stoicism and offers a timeless and essential guide to handling the ethical and psychological challenges we face today.


